Remove deprecated function bindToContext (#10627)
microsoft/FluidFramework: BREAKING.md

- Provide guidance on how the change should be consumed if applicable, such as by specifying replacement APIs.
- Consider providing code examples as part of guidance for non-trivial changes.

# 2.0.0

## 2.0.0 Upcoming changes

## 2.0.0 Breaking changes
- [bindToContext removed from IFluidDataStoreChannel and IFluidDataStoreContext](#bindToContext-removed-from-IFluidDataStoreChannel-and IFluidDataStoreContext)

### bindToContext removed from IFluidDataStoreChannel and IFluidDataStoreContext

> `bindToContext` has been removed from `IFluidDataStoreChannel` and `IFluidDataStoreChannel` in the next major release.

Reviewer: Remove "in the next major release".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bindToContext` has been removed from `IFluidDataStoreChannel` and `IFluidDataStoreContext`.
```

> Please use `IFluidDataStoreChannel.makeVisibleAndAttachGraph()` and `IFluidDataStoreChannel.makeLocallyVisible()` instead.

Reviewer: There are internal APIs and should not be used. There is no alternative for this - just don't use it :)
